============================================================
                 The xl-Ibycus-Babel interface
============================================================

Overview
--------
This file are copied from the Ibycus-Bael projekt and 
modified for the libertine font.


Installing the hyphenation patterns
-----------------------------------
The file ibyhyph.tex provides the hyphenation patterns for
the Greek language with the particular encoding of the
Ibycus fonts.  

Store the file in a directory where LaTeX will find it.  To
make LaTeX actually use it, edit the configuration file for
the hyphenation patterns.  Most likely, the file has the
name "language.dat" in your TeX system.  Add the following
line to this file:

xlibycus         ibyhyph

Thus, you establish a relation between the language name
"ibycus" and the file name "ibyhyph.tex".  Update the
filename database (if applicable) and create a new LaTeX
format file, which will use the additional hyphenation
patterns.  If you do not know how to do this, check the
documentation of your TeX distribution, or consult the FAQ
at http://www.tex.ac.uk/cgi-bin/texfaq2html?label=formatstymy

ibyhyph.tex was generated from a set of Greek hyphenation
patterns for LGR encoding, using the Perl script ibyhyph.pl
and adding further patches affecting the processing of the
"lunate sigma".  The script ibyhph.pl is part of the
distribution for reference puposes only; it is not needed by
the TeX system.

